.TH POWDER 6 "2019-09-25" "" "Games manual"
.
.SH NAME
powder \- a physics sandbox game
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY powder
[\fIOPTIONS...\fR]
.YS
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Powder Toy is a free physics sandbox game, which simulates
air pressure and velocity, heat, gravity and a number of other interactions
between different substances.
The game provides the player with various building materials, liquids,
gases and electronic components which can be used to construct
complex machines, guns, bombs, realistic terrains and almost anything else.
The player can then mine them and watch cool explosions, add intricate wirings,
play with little stickmen or operate their machine. 

The game also features a Lua API, which allows to automate work or even
make plugins for the program.
.
.SH OPTIONS
\fBNOTE:\fR Program options should be written exactly as specified on this
man page \- there are \fBno leading dashes\fR in front of their names.
.TP
\fBddir\fR \fIDIRECTORY\fR
Load and save preferences, savegames etc. in \fIDIRECTORY\fR.
The directory must already exist (if missing, it will not be created).
.TP
.B disable-network
Disable network access.
.TP
.B kiosk
Run in fullscreen mode.
.TP
\fBopen\fR \fIFILE\fR
Open the specified savegame on program start.
.TP
\fBproxy\fR:\fISERVER\fR[:\fIPORT\fR]
Use the specified proxy server.
.TP
\fBptsave\fR:\fISAVEID\fR
Open an on-line save with the given ID.
.TP
.B redirect
Do not print anything to standard output nor the standard error stream;
redirect all messages to \fIstdout.log\fR and \fIstderr.log\fR files.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
.B https://powdertoy.co.uk/
Official website. To use on-line features, such as saving and sharing their
creations, players need to register an account.

